Triangulation_2 : Document the `Triangulation_2_projection_traits_3` class (#5407)
CGAL/cgal: Installation/CHANGES.md

Release History
===============
[Release 5.4](https://github.com/CGAL/cgal/releases/tag/v5.4)
-----------

Release date:  December 2021

### [2D and 3D Linear Geometry Kernel](https://doc.cgal.org/5.3/Manual/packages.html#PkgKernel23)

> -   Added documentation for the class `Projection_traits_3`, that enables the use of 2D algorithms on the projections of 3D data into an arbitrary plane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Added documentation for the class `Projection_traits_3`, which enables the use of 2D algorithms on the projections of 3D data onto an arbitrary plane.
```
